docs(migrate): improve docs about using migrate locally (#24433)
prisma/prisma: CONTRIBUTING.md

### First contribution

> The Migrate entrypoint is the [`bin.ts`](./packages/migrate/src/bin.ts) file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The entrypoint for the Migrate CLI is the [`bin.ts`](./packages/migrate/src/bin.ts) file.
```

1. `cd packages/migrate/fixtures/blog` - it's a minimal project that can be used to try things out
2. Then modify some code

> 3. `cd ../../src/` where entrypoint file is located
> 4. `npx tsx bin.ts migrate dev` for running `prisma migrate dev` command

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. `../../src/bin.ts migrate dev` for running `prisma migrate dev` command. (It will use `tsx`)
```

Simpler option is this
